Drop OAuth API authentication (#4442)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/ref_authentication-settings.adoc

[cols="30%,30%,40%",options="header"]
|====

> | Setting | Default Value | Description

Reviewer: Shouldn't this stay since the setting stays?

|====
| Setting | Default Value | Description
| *OAuth active* | Yes | {Project} will use OAuth for API authorization.

This setting is for internal {Project} use only.

> Using it to configure OAuth authentication for API calls is not supported.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{Team} does not support using it to configure OAuth authentication for API calls.
```
For your consideration, non blocking.
